# Contributing to the Package Manager Landscape

Thanks for your interest in contributing to the Package Manager Landscape!

There are several ways to contribute:

* [Add or update a package manager listing](#add-or-update-a-package-manager-listing)
* [Update the package manager taxonomy](#update-the-package-manager-taxonomy)
* [Improve the website](#improve-the-website)

## Add or update a package manager listing
Have a package manager in mind that you’d like included in the landscape? Please create a new GitHub issue and use the [add or update package manager](https://github.com/davelester/package-manager-landscape/labels/add%20or%20update%20package%20manager) label.

If you’re comfortable opening up a pull request to make the change yourself, you’re welcome to accompany the issue with a PR! Each package manager is listed in [landscape.toml](https://github.com/davelester/package-manager-landscape/blob/main/landscape.toml), organized by the package manager taxonomy, and listed in alphabetical order.

## Update the package manager taxonomy
The current landscape of software package managers is organized into two high-level categories: General and Integrated.

*General package managers* are primarily designed around programming languages or install packages on systems.

*Integrated package managers* have a closer design to a specific application or use. Examples include Integrated Development Environments (IDE), Digital Audio Workstations (DAW), and others.

Ideas about how to improve this categorization are welcome. If you have ideas for how this can be improved and expanded, please create a new issue to discuss.

## Improve the website
The Package Manager Landscape was designed to powered primarily through `landscape.toml` and generated by a GitHub action. Improvements to the website are appreciated! Please create new issues using the website label.

See the `/web/` directory, which includes a Flask application. That application is frozen, and the artifacts are uploaded before deploying to GitHub Pages.